Markdown guide updates (#405)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/markdown-content.md

```markdown
---
layout: ../layouts/BaseLayout.astro
setup: |
  import Author from '../../components/Author.astro'
  import Biography from '../components/Biography.jsx'
author: Leon
---

<Author name={frontmatter.author}/>
<Biography client:visible>
  {frontmatter.author} lives in Toronto, Canada and enjoys photography.
</Biography>
```

## Importing Markdown

You can import Markdown files directly into your Astro files! You can import one specific page with `import` or multiple with `Astro.glob()`

```astro
---
// You can use `import ... from`
import * as greatPost from '../pages/post/great-post.md';

// Or even `await import()`
const aboutUs = await import('../pages/internal/about-us.md');

// Lastly, you can import multiple files with Astro.glob
const posts = await Astro.glob('../pages/post/*.md');
---

Great post: <a href={greatPost.url}>{greatPost.frontmatter.title}</a>

<h2>About us</h2>
<aboutUs.Content />

<ul>
  {posts.map(post => <li>{post.frontmatter.title}</li>)}
</ul>
```

> Each one of the examples above return an (or multiple) `MarkdownInstance`, an object with the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each one of the examples above return a (or multiple) `MarkdownInstance`, an object with the following properties:
```

Reviewer: I *think* this would be correct, even though it might seem to go against the prononciation rule.

Another way around this could be something ilke, "Each Markdown file imported returns a `MarkdownInstance`..."

- `frontmatter`: Any data specified in this file's YAML frontmatter.

> - `file`: The absolute path of this file (like `/home/user/projects/.../file.md`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `file`: The absolute path of this file (e.g. `/home/user/projects/.../file.md`).
```

I think we more often tend to use "e.g." than "like" in general.

> - `url`: If it's a page, URL of the page (like `/en/guides/markdown-content`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `url`: If it's a page, URL of the page (e.g. `/en/guides/markdown-content`).
```

```markdown
---
layout: ../layouts/BaseLayout.astro
setup: |
  import Author from '../../components/Author.astro'
  import Biography from '../components/Biography.jsx'
author: Leon
---

<Author name={frontmatter.author}/>
<Biography client:visible>
  {frontmatter.author} lives in Toronto, Canada and enjoys photography.
</Biography>
```

## Importing Markdown

You can import Markdown files directly into your Astro files! You can import one specific page with `import` or multiple with `Astro.glob()`

```astro
---
// You can use `import ... from`
import * as greatPost from '../pages/post/great-post.md';

// Or even `await import()`

> const aboutUs = await import('../pages/internal/about-us.md');

Reviewer 2: Is there an advantage to using one of these over the other? Even if there are two ways to do this, if they’re identical, maybe it’s a good idea just to document one for simplicity? Maybe the `await import` version as it is more similar to how `Astro.glob` is used?

Author: cc @FredKSchott

Reviewer: Chris' instinct is a good one. I'd also be interested to know if we have a preference to nudge people towards, and suspect that choosing the form that more closely resembles Astro.glob is a good choice for consistency.

But, I don't think that blocks this PR, and have no problems publishing this as-is and revisiting later if want to.

Reviewer 3: I'd advise against using await if plain ESM suits your needs. I only use await import when rendering dynamically inside the Astro templating itself.

Author: I've just updated that bit, what do you think?

Reviewer: I like it!

Reviewer 4: personal preference -- I usually recommend this format instead:

```
---
import {Content as PromoBanner} from '../components/promoBanner.md';
--- 
{promoActive() && <PromoBanner/>}
```

As for documenting static vs. dynamic imports, we should push users towards static when we can, but it can still be nice to know that dynamic imports are supported. Maybe something more like this?

```diff
// Import some markdown. Dynamic import() is also supported!
import * as greatPost from '../pages/post/great-post.md';
- // Or even `await import()`
- const aboutUs = await import('../pages/internal/about-us.md');
```

but fwiw I like how you have it already also, so I'm +1 either way / leave the final wording up to you.

Reviewer: So... back to the original, @JuanM04 ? 😅   Either your latest version, or the original/Fred's is fine with me!

Reviewer 4: ~~Dealer's~~ Juan's choice!

Author: > Either your latest version, or the original/Fred's is fine with me!

¿Por qué no los dos?

Reviewer: muí caliente! 🔥 

(If there's any way to get a little more spacing at the bottom between the code sample and the next list item, it would look a little better.)

Author: I don't know how to do that, so I moved the items around [bda5eaa](https://github.com/withastro/docs/pull/405/commits/bda5eaaa39d4c8cf9fadd846bbb241a88f72c0f9)

Reviewer: I love it even more! Winner?

Reviewer 2: Looking gooooood!!!

Reviewer 4: LGTM!

// Lastly, you can import multiple files with Astro.glob

> const posts = await Astro.glob<Frontmatter>('../pages/post/*.md');

Reviewer 2: You can use `Astro.glob` without a type argument right? What do you think about presenting this first usage without it for non-Typescript users given that you cover passing a `Frontmatter` type below?

```suggestion
const posts = await Astro.glob('../pages/post/*.md');
```

⚠️ Use of the `Markdown` component to render remote Markdown can open you up to a [cross-site scripting (XSS)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_scripting) attack. If you are rendering untrusted content, be sure to _sanitize your content **before** rendering it_.

## Markdown Configuration

> You can customize the Markdown parsing by modifing your `astro.config.mjs`. [Here you can read the full reference](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#markdown-options).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize your Markdown parsing by modifing your `astro.config.mjs`. [Here you can read the full reference](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#markdown-options).
```

⚠️ Use of the `Markdown` component to render remote Markdown can open you up to a [cross-site scripting (XSS)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_scripting) attack. If you are rendering untrusted content, be sure to _sanitize your content **before** rendering it_.

## Markdown Configuration

You can customize the Markdown parsing by modifing your `astro.config.mjs`. [Here you can read the full reference](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#markdown-options).

### Remark and Rehype Plugins

Astro supports third-party [remark](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark) and [rehype](https://github.com/rehypejs/rehype) plugins for Markdown. You can provide your plugins in `astro.config.mjs`.

> By default, Astro comes with [GitHub-flavored Markdown](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark-gfm) and [remark-smartypants](https://github.com/silvenon/remark-smartypants) pre-enabled. Take into account that enabling custom `remarkPlugins` or `rehypePlugins` will remove these built-in plugins and you would need to explicitly add these plugins if desired.

Reviewer 2: The fact that this disables defaults seems important, so maybe it’s worth preserving the extra formatting to highlight it.

```suggestion
> **Note:** By default, Astro comes with [GitHub-flavored Markdown](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark-gfm) and [remark-smartypants](https://github.com/silvenon/remark-smartypants) pre-enabled. Enabling custom `remarkPlugins` or `rehypePlugins` will remove these built-in plugins and you need to explicitly add these plugins if desired.
```

    rehypePlugins: [
      // Add a Rehype plugin that you want to enable for your project.
      // If you need to provide options for the plugin, you can use an array and put the options as the second item.
      // ['rehype-autolink-headings', { behavior: 'prepend'}],
    ],

>   },

Reviewer 2: If we indent this code block (3 or 4 spaces works I think), it will nest under number 2 in the list rather than appearing as a block after the end of the `<ol>`. Same goes presumably for the text and code block that follow.

Author: Done! Take a look

Reviewer 2: Thanks! This is a bit of a nitpick: I would probably also indent the code block that follows, but I could understand if you don’t think that belongs under item **2.**

<img width="816" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/357379/166049286-ca93902b-fc3a-44d8-9da5-aa8c66d52fff.png">

Author: Yes, it's nicer indented :smile:

#### Prism configuration

When using Prism, you'll need to add a stylesheet to your project for syntax highlighting. If you're just getting started and prefer to use Prism over Shiki, we suggest:

1. [Setting `syntaxHighlight: 'prism'`](#choose-a-syntax-highlighter) from your `@astrojs/markdown-remark` config.
1. Choosing a premade stylesheet from the available [Prism Themes](https://github.com/PrismJS/prism-themes).
1. Adding this stylesheet to [your project's `public/` directory](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/project-structure/#public).
1. Loading this [into your page's `<head>`](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/#page-html) via a `<link>` tag.

You can also visit the [list of languages supported by Prism](https://prismjs.com/#supported-languages) for options and usage.

> ## Notes

Reviewer: Just checking: a header at this level is showing up in the right hand sidebar, so is this the best description to use? Given that this seems to be just one note, can the header be more descriptive? e.g "Heading IDs"?

And then, I don't think it's necessary to use a bullet point for this. I don't think it benefits from the point and the indentation.

Author: Since I didn't know where to put this information, I thought of a misc section. Maybe "Technical Details" would be a better name

Author: I've added a note about `<Markdown />` and SSR. What do you think? Do you like this approach or should I search another place to put them?

Reviewer: Fred has an entire new PR #411 with warnings splashed all over the page about the Markdown component! So, I don't think we need it here.  😄  Take a look at that one, then probably I think just remove your SSR bit from here. Once THIS pr is merged, we can merge Fred's.

> - Astro will add autogenerated ids to all headings in Markdown files automatically using [github-slugger](https://github.com/Flet/github-slugger) — if a custom id is specified, it won't be overriden. These ids will be added _after_ all the other plugins are executed, so if you have a plugin like `rehype-toc` that needs ids, you should add your own slugging plugin (like `rehype-slug`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro will add autogenerated ids to all headings in Markdown files automatically using [github-slugger](https://github.com/Flet/github-slugger). But, if a custom id is specified, it won't be overriden.

  These ids will be added _after_ all the other plugins are executed, so if you have a plugin like `rehype-toc` that needs ids, you should add your own slugging plugin (like `rehype-slug`).
```

I would just build this out like another normal section.

Reviewer: (Pssst: I still like this change with a more descriptive title IF there's only stuff about Markdown ids for now and you don't have more stuff you think you'll want to add here soon. But I'm happy to let you make the final decision!)

Author: I've update it :smile:

#### Prism configuration

When using Prism, you'll need to add a stylesheet to your project for syntax highlighting. If you're just getting started and prefer to use Prism over Shiki, we suggest:

1. [Setting `syntaxHighlight: 'prism'`](#choose-a-syntax-highlighter) from your `@astrojs/markdown-remark` config.
1. Choosing a premade stylesheet from the available [Prism Themes](https://github.com/PrismJS/prism-themes).
1. Adding this stylesheet to [your project's `public/` directory](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/project-structure/#public).
1. Loading this [into your page's `<head>`](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/#page-html) via a `<link>` tag.

You can also visit the [list of languages supported by Prism](https://prismjs.com/#supported-languages) for options and usage.

> ## Heading IDs

Reviewer 4: nit: I'd move this up the page, closer to where we describe other features like "Drafts"

Author: Moved it, is that a good spot?

#### Prism configuration

When using Prism, you'll need to add a stylesheet to your project for syntax highlighting. If you're just getting started and prefer to use Prism over Shiki, we suggest:

> 1. [Setting `syntaxHighlight: 'prism'`](#choose-a-syntax-highlighter) from your `@astrojs/markdown-remark` config.

Reviewer 2: I’m noticing that `remark-smartypants` turns `syntaxHighlight: 'prism'` into `syntaxHighlight: ‘prism’`, which isn’t great for copy-pasting. Maybe we want to look at disabling SmartyPants for the docs? I don’t think it adds anything essential or can it be configured to ignore code snippets?

Author: I think this will be fixed by #404

1. Choosing a premade stylesheet from the available [Prism Themes](https://github.com/PrismJS/prism-themes).
1. Adding this stylesheet to [your project's `public/` directory](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/project-structure/#public).
1. Loading this [into your page's `<head>`](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/#page-html) via a `<link>` tag.

You can also visit the [list of languages supported by Prism](https://prismjs.com/#supported-languages) for options and usage.

## Notes

> - Astro will add autogenerated ids to all the headings automatically using [github-slugger](https://github.com/Flet/github-slugger). If a custom id is specified, it won't be overriden.

Reviewer 2: Not sure if this clarification is necessary given this is the Markdown page, but probably wouldn’t hurt.

```suggestion
- Astro will add autogenerated ids to all headings in Markdown files automatically using [github-slugger](https://github.com/Flet/github-slugger). If a custom id is specified, it won't be overriden.
```
